add itel (#50)
melontini/bootloader-unlock-wall-of-shame: brands/itel/README.md

# itel 

* Verdict **ℹ️ "Safe for now" :trollface:**
* [**🔓️ Unlock Guide (MediaTek)**](/misc/generic-unlock.md)
* [**🔓️ Unlock Guide (Unisoc)**][Unisoc Unlock]

> it el follows the [standard unlock procedure](/misc/general-unlock.md) for their MediaTek devices, and the [Unisoc procedure][Unisoc Unlock] for their Unisoc devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
itel follows the [standard unlock procedure](/misc/general-unlock.md) for their MediaTek devices, and the [Unisoc procedure][Unisoc Unlock] for their Unisoc devices.
```

Author: fixed
